hey guys welcome to my channel today
we're gonna talk about top seven things
that you could do at home that I used to
do when I was back in Russia and wanted
to practice English but it had no one to
speak English to if you're interested
I'm gonna share all those things today
let's do it
[Music]
thing number one technology that you can
talk to even have a Google assistant at
home you can have a lot say you're gonna
have whatever you have in your country I
have an Alexa and I talk to her all the
time mostly to set timers when I cook
Alexa countdown 15 minutes Alexa
countdown 15 minutes second timer 15
minutes starting now you see first time
I mispronounce something she didn't get
me sometimes that happens this makes me
talk with a good accent it makes me
think about the way I pronounce words so
it understands me she can also tell
jokes but I didn't like them Alexa tell
me a joke
actually my friend Jimmy Fallon wants to
tell a joke let's give him a shot what
did the horse say to the Scarecrow hey
okay sometimes you think should I let
Jimmy tell the jokes for a while no no
problem I'll keep you laughing but if
you do want to hear one of his jokes
just say tell me a Jimmy Fallon joke
thank you yes sometimes I believe what
is this job Oh sometimes she does weird
stuff but who cares okay second thing
this one is really weird like I would do
it if you're alone at home I have my
husband there I think he's used to me
being weird so he doesn't care but let's
try okay what I do what I used to do I
don't do it anymore but I talked to
myself about whatever I'm doing like oh
I want to get some coffee let's get some
coffee what kind of coffee do I wanna
have caramel I have vanilla I have
chocolate no let's go for our don't fall
let's go for caramel
[Music]
ready so whatever you do you just talk
to yourself about whatever you're doing
you can just think about it or you can
say it out loud I would recommend saying
it out loud because you're practicing
your intonation or whatever but if
you're not alone at home I would
recommend just keeping it to yourself
because otherwise people might think
you're weird but you're just practicing
right this is your thing number three
you can write in English in your
notebook you can plan in English this is
what I used to do since I was like 14 I
told myself hey I'm gonna try and
practice try to do everything in English
starting with my notebook and I still do
it like everything is in English it's
not well this is some Russian but never
mind the majority of stuff is in English
still practicing you know even when
you're in America my husband is Russian
so we don't speak English to each other
and sometimes when this is a weekend
just talk to him sometimes also miss
practice so these things they just keep
me practicing all the time
[Music]
we drove 40 minutes from San Francisco
and guess what it's sunny here San
Francisco so foggy today so we came to
love you because our CTO is here and
we're gonna work today and I'm gonna
continue talking about things you should
do to practice on your own another thing
that I do all the time you don't have to
do it but I do it and it helps a lot is
blogging blogging in English so for
example you can show the video but you
don't have to there is also Instagram
which I do in two languages I do the
first part in English in the second part
in Russian because they still have
another channel and people from another
channel pushes in Russian follow me on
Instagram but another cool tool for you
to use to practice your English is
Twitter you're basically limited to 270
symbols so every day just make this
habit that you sit down and post about
whatever you want to boss like you don't
do it for getting followers though it's
a good residual if you get followers and
you might become famous but who knows
just right whatever is happening to you
I'm glad you're following my advice yes
always check the taxi service press ok
even emails like if you have a job
that's connected with English that's
awesome so basically what he was doing
is checking his email on influent
Express and a native speaker it's gonna
tell him whether he made any mistakes
we'll see the thing is when you learn a
language there are a lot of things that
you can do to improve your listening
so many videos so many books and so many
things you can do but the problem is who
do you have to chat with now I told you
about Alexa mutable system which is a
great thing
just like producing your thoughts in a
written form and then checking yourself
is a great tool as well because when you
gonna talk it's the same process you
create thoughts so let's see it's very
yellow I'm sorry what does that mean
yeah yeah some grammar stuff
how cool is this place huh we are
working from a co-working area in our
CEOs home which I love because it's so
sunny here so different for San
Francisco and I love this concept of
housing when you have a gym when you
have a community area where you can work
we're currently six people working from
a big room which is totally cool another
advice is watch a video in English every
day it can be from your favorite
youtuber it can be a short video on
Instagram like any video just create
this rule for yourself that you watch a
video a day that could be my video as
well so this video counts already it can
be entertaining it can be educational
this is up to you but the thing is the
only source for you to get real language
is watching videos by real people
because when you're watching a movie
sometimes they use phrases that you
wouldn't really use in your normal life
it's all edited it's all written by
professional screenwriters but when it's
a blogger talking just holding this
camera and walking around this is real
language and this is what you're gonna
hear when you come to the United States
of America to Canada this is the real
language and it's amazing how you can
hear all of those axes because when I
was 14 like 15 when I had to learn a
language at home the only resource I had
were these CDs and tapes that came
together with my textbook and they had
nothing to do with real English so you
guys I really like you so made this rule
for yourself a video a day for your
perfect English if you are not a fan of
entertainment videos and you want to
improve I've talked a lot about this
platform and I'm gonna tell about it a
little more
it's called Skillshare and this is where
real people use your real skills and
they
more than 25,000 different classes from
different professionals what I loved
about skill share is that people are
real it's not like this as a professor
from a university
I wish their marketing courses at which
their editing courses and it's always a
professional from that industry but he's
so real he's just sitting in front of a
camera at home and teaching whatever
works for him so you can totally check
the courses out again my favorites are
marketing editing photo editing and
blogging premium membership gives you
unlimited access so you can join the
classes and communities that are just
right for you and your new year goals by
the way one of my goals for 2019 is to
become a home owner I don't know if you
watched my previous video on the goals
but because I want to become a home
owner I really need to earn more money
and Skillshare can also help you with
that like if you're launching your own
course which is a huge trend if you are
doing some freelance job skill share it
can help you with your New Year's
resolutions Skillshare is also super
affordable an annual subscription is
less than ten dollars a month
the first 500 people that click the link
below this video are going to get two
months of access to Skillshare for free
[Music]
sending them into a huge black hole
he knew he would be the best employee
any company and other great thing and
I've started doing is listening to
audiobooks while driving home it would
take me around 15 minutes to go from
Monmouth to San Francisco Dima is
driving and I'm enjoying the book and
it's a great way to read a lot of books
because with audible with like listening
to audiobooks I started reading six to
seven books a month which is awesome it
goes pretty fast because you're doing
something else
so here's advice to you listen while
you're driving while you're cleaning
while you're cooking whatever just
listen to an audiobook dinner plate
Shake Shack like Mikey dog fest
McDonald's interaction there's like yeah
he's like McDonald's back in the 90s in
Russia it's crazy like people in Silicon
Valley see burgers for the first time
that's why it's been a month since shhh
open here and people are lining up crazy
stuff
you got it finally came back home super
tired came back to a huge mess oops we
were scared to show you that but I'm
gonna clean the room gonna go to the gym
and my last advice for you guys is to
listen to a song that you really like
but together with the lyrics first you
can sing along and this way you're gonna
practice your singing and your English
second you can just read the lyrics at
the same time when your favorite singer
is singing this way you will practice
your listening because sometimes you
listen to a son and doesn't make a lot
of sense but when you read the lyrics
you'll be like oh that's what he meant
so practice that and comment down below
with a method that works for you when
you're really really tired and when you
have to practice English but you're so
tired to read any book or watch a video
comment down below if you're not
subscribed to this channel hit the
subscribe button it's the red one down
here it says subscribe and I will see
you soon in the next logs
sometimes I found myself sitting back
reminiscing especially when I have to
watch other people kissing and I
remembering Lisa accordingly you missus
all the play button of the rotation
spaces that's what I mean
until that really helps you practice
okay that was it